In-depth technical knowledge in the development and management of relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc. Working knowledge of SQL
Proficient in scripting languages (Python desirable) for data extraction and processing
Working knowledge of XML, JSON, and other common data file structures
Working knowledge of Linux and system administration
Knowledge about cloud computing technologies such as AWS, Azure is a plus
Experience with WebSocket protocol and RESTful API is desirable
Proficient in MS Office suite applications
Working knowledge of MS Windows file sharing and access controls
Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal skills
Attention to detail and commitment to delivering a high-quality work product
Ability to prioritize and work on multiple projects concurrently
Strong critical-thinking and problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively within a team
M.S. degree in computer information systems, computer science, or biomedical engineering with an emphasis in information management with at least three years of experience or Ph.D. degree in comparable disciplines.
Medical research experience preferred including understanding of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Experience analyzing physiological signals preferred
Experience developing machine learning, NLP and statistical models for real-world problems using ML algorithms/packages, R, Python or other machine learning/statistical software.
Strong algorithmic thinking and passion for empirical research to answer hard questions.
Experience in Natural Language Processing (NLP), Information Retrieval and/or Personalization/Recommendation techniques.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis, analytic approaches and findings in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Designing and evaluating A|B experiments and monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics.
Working knowledge of big data processing technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig and Spark.
Ability to use SQL to perform data analysis.
Have a BS/MS/PhD in Statistics, Applied Math, Operational Research, Computer Science or related field.
3 years of relevant programming or analytic experience.
Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.
Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, data engineering and data visualization.
Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur.
Demonstrates good written and verbal communication skills. Able to present information to various audiences.
Bachelors Degree Required
Masters Degree a Plus
Ph.D. in statistics, machine learning, or related technical discipline OR an MS with 2+ years experience
Experience in areas such as data-driven statistical modeling, robust statistics, feature extraction and analysis, supervised learning.
Proficient in R or Python, SQL. C/C++ preferred.
Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools a plus (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark)
MS in relevant fields, such as Data Science, Computer Science, Systems Biology or Computational Biology Industry experience as a data scientist (2 years preferred) Experience and familiarity with public domain data sources in life sciences Skilled in Python (specifically, the data scientist toolkit including pandas, matplotlib, seaborn/plotly, Jupyter notebook) Good scientific understanding of molecular biology and genomics Highly motivated to contribute to our mission Team oriented, able to thrive in a multidisciplinary environment Excellent communicator, especially when it comes to colleagues from other specialties Plus: data visualisation expertise 
PhD degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics.
Knowledge of deep learning, reinforcement learning, experimental design, ANOVA, statistical inference, and multivariate testing.
Track record of publications in the fields of Statistics, Operation Research, or Reinforcement Learning
Experience with big data techniques (Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark) and querying tools (such as Hive, Pig, Impala).
Experience with relational (SQL) and NoSQl Databases
PhD, MS, or 3+ years experience in computer science, applied mathematics, or other quantitative/computational discipline.
2+ years experience with open source machine learning or statistical analysis tools. Familiarity with experimental design a plus.
2+ years coding experience, Python preferred.
Ability to communicate complex ideas in data science to relevant stakeholders.
Data engineering experience, including SQL and manipulating large structured or unstructured datasets for analysis.
Preferred: experience with building data products, either internal or consumer-facing.
Preferred: Experience working with unstructured data and Natural Language Processing
Commitment to the The Times’ mission of delivering the world’s best and most reliable journalism.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
A passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data.
Proven record of solving challenging problems in academia and/or industry.
Eagerness to collaborate with both technical and non-technical colleagues in editorial, product management, marketing, and executive leadership groups.
Ability to gauge the complexity of machine learning problems and a willingness to execute simple approaches for quick effective solutions as appropriate.
Desire to join the world’s most important journalism company at a moment in history when the importance of learning from our data is transforming every aspect of the craft and practice of journalism. 
Please provide GitHub or portfolio site if available.
Bachelor’s Degree plus 2 years of experience in data analytics, or Master’s Degree, or PhD
At least 1 year of experience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis
At least 1 year of experience with machine learning
At least 1 year of experience with relational databases
Master’s Degree in “STEM” field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics), or PhD in “STEM” field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics)
Experience working with AWS
At least 2 years’ experience in Python, Scala, or R
At least 2 years’ experience with SQL
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Mathematics, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related fields.
1+ years of experience working with large structured and unstructured datasets and be well-versed in big data technologies.
Strong statistical, mathematical background.
Proficiency in analysis (R, Matlab packages), programming languages (R, Python), and statistical modeling. 
Our employees typically have track records of outstanding professional performance or academic achievement, along with excellent analytical and financial skills, as well as strong verbal communication skills. Candidates should have a strong ability to work in a collaborative environment and to present results to both expert and non-expert audiences.
A degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or other quantitative disciplines
Extremely strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Proven ability to communicate complex technical work to a non-technical audience
A strong passion for and extensive experience in conducting empirical research and answering hard questions with data
Experience with relational databases and SQL, especially Hive
Experience working with extremely large data sets
Experience in Pandas, R, SAS or other tools appropriate for large scale data preparation and analysis
Experience with data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms
Proficiency with Unix/Linux environments
BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, or a related quantitative field.
Proficiency in a data programming language (Python, R), and scripting languages (Unix shell), and solid experience with git.
Experience using data wrangling libraries (Pandas, Numpy), scientific computing libraries (Scipy, Statsmodels), and machine learning libraries (Scikit-learn, h2o.ai, MLlib, Tensorflow, Keras).
Proficiency in SQL (Oracle, MSSQL), experience with distributed querying (Spark SQL), and NoSQL systems (MongoDB).
Excellent communication skills in written and verbal forms, and an ability to communicate complex issues to a range of audience (management, peers, clients).
Experience with AWS ecosystem.
Experience with machine learning at scale is a big plus.
Experience with experimental design and multivariate experiments is a big plus.
Experience with text data and NLP.
Experience with Deep Learning.
Advanced Degree (Ph.D./MS) in data science, statistics, or a related quantitative discipline.
Experience with advanced modeling techniques, such as collaborative filtering and content-based recommenders, matrix factorization, time series analysis, classifiers, natural language processing, and ensemble methods.
Experience in deep learning for images or text (fast.ai, PyTorch, Tensorflow)
Expert knowledge of Python and SQL, or similar industry standard tools used for large-scale data analysis and modeling (e.g. sklearn, gensim, pandas).
Experience with Google Cloud Platform (Dataflow, Beam, BigQuery) and other big data technologies a plus.
Recent experience with a digital company a plus.
Mentor other data scientists
Self-motivated, results oriented, enthusiastic, and a creative thinker. 
years of outstanding technical abilities with Java, or C/C++ development experience with statistical machine learning models
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Operations Research, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other quantitative fields.
Outstanding technical abilities of Scala and Python development a plus
Experience with Spark, Kaplan, Breeze, map/reduce models a plus
Experience modeling stochastic processes, Bayesian learning models, utility theory, game theory a plus
Excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms
Rounded business skills with the ability to understand customer business needs
Ability to respond to customer needs and meet deadlines with accurate work while under pressure
Have a strong mathematical background and have experience with modeling complex high dimensional problems
Experience performing petabyte scale data analysis and developing meaningful visualizations
Proven to thrive in start up environments
Must be organized, have an eye for detail, and be able to put ideas into a tangible form
Ability to prioritize and manage work to critical project timelines in a fast-paced environment and the ability to develop new approaches to complex design problems
2+ years of experience with frequent scripting language use, including Python and R and using associated packages commonly used in data science applications or advanced analytics
2+ years of experience with managing diverse data sources, including preprocessing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data to develop data marts for data science use cases and machine learning applications
Experience with performing data exploration and data analysis in support of analytics objectives
Experience with feature selection, model building, and optimization using supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques to support analytic objectives
Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts and machine learning.
Ability to thrive while working independently to achieve successful results with minimal guidance
Ability to exhibit flexibility and initiative when dealing with ambiguous and fast-paced situations
Secret clearance
ou have a solid background in statistical learning techniques for NLP (Deep Learning, HMMs, CRFs, SVMs, LDA, LSI, MRFs, etc), and experience applying these techniques to solve real problems in one of the modern distributed ML and deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet, etc.)
You have experience working with distributed data processing frameworks such as Spark
You have strong programming skills in Python and are familiar with at least one other object oriented programming language (C++, Java, Scala, etc.)
You understand the entire lifecycle of machine learning product development, from inception to production
You are hands on, able to quickly pick up new tools and languages, and excited about building things and experimenting
You go above and beyond to help your team
You are honest, admit mistakes, and own fixing them
You are a motivated and talented craftsperson: always looking to sharpen and adapt your skills
You have an MS in Computer Science, Statistics, or a related quantitative field, or equivalent industry experience. PhD degree and a track record of publications at conferences such as NAACL, ACL, CoNLL, ICML, ICLR, IJCAI, SIGIR, EMNLP, KDD, WWW, NeurIPS, AAAI, CoLING are preferred
Degree (bachelors) in computer science, or data science
Zero or more years of relevant experience (relevant internships in lieu of years of experience).
Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills, including oral and written communication and presentations as evidenced by publications or cover letter.
Experience with Python and its data analysis ecosystem (pandas, scikit-learn, numpy)
Experience with data ETL processes (e.g. SQL queries, reading flat files (CSV/JSON), data cleaning).
Academic degree in data science, applied math, economics, Data Science, CS or a related discipline. 
Knowledge of Perl, R, SQL and Python 
Hands-on experience through coursework or internship 
Knowledge of tools and techniques in machine learning 
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Physics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or Management of Information Systems.
Doctorate in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics or Statistics desired
Advanced SQL (common table extensions, window functions etc.) - any flavour will do;
Good knowledge of of the Python data analysis toolkit (jupyter notebooks, numpy, pandas, matplotlib, plotly etc.). Knowledge of R / SaS / Stata will also be considered;
Solid understanding of basic statistics fundamentals and applications (such as designing and interpreting A/B tests, cohort analysis, t-tests, z-tests, hypothesis etc.);
Any experience with BI tools like Mode Analytics/Tableau/Looker and web analytics platforms like Mixpanel and Keen Io;
Ability to quickly learn new concepts and apply them.
Hands-on experience with cloud platform solutions like Google Cloud Platform (Compute Engine, BigQuery, Cloud Storage), or AWS (EC2, Redshift, Athena, S3);
Git for version control;
Linux/Unix experience and use of command line tools;
Exposure to data science techniques (supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms, time series analysis, outlier detection), ideally in a production environment;
An interest in data engineering and in working with unstructured data;
Passionate about learning new, cutting-edge technologies and finding applicable business cases as needed;
A passion for gaming.
A bachelor’s degree in statistics or biostatistics; Master’s degree is a plus
A minimum of two years of work experience in a similar position
Experience with R, SQL and data visualization tools and techniques preferred
Experience with producing and delivering results in multiple formats (i.e., multiple MS office formats, dashboards/visualization tools, and potentially other formats)
Experience in employee health management/health engagement industry preferred 
In addition, you possess the following additional competencies and characteristics:
R/SQL/AWS database programming skills, experience with MS SQL Server, AWS RedShift/S3, Postgres, and Cassandra/NOSQL databases
Strong analytical skills, with an emphasis on quantitative analysis, descriptive and inferential statistics, and a fluency in SQL, R, Python, or similar languages.
Strong collaboration, communication and presentation skills.
Experience working with large-scale datasets and multiple tasks or projects simultaneously.
Creative energy, self-starter, works equally well independently and collaboratively
3+ years industry or academic experience in data science or analytics
A consistent record of performing data analysis using Python (Pandas, NumPy) and SQL
Experience using statistics and machine learning to solve complex business problems
The versatility and willingness to learn new technologies
The ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
Proficiency with other data tools such as Google Cloud Platform, Snowflake, Tableau, Looker
Proficiency with Linux/OS X command line, version control software (git), and general software development
Product sense
Technologies We Use And Teach
Python (pandas, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras)
Google Cloud Platform
Snowflake (SQL)
Looker
Ph.D. in Sciences, Mathematics or Engineering, especially numerical methods and simulations – we have multiple openings
Strong background in database management solutions, familiarity with databases such as MySQL and Oracle
Large-scale data processing and implementing batch processing pipelines in HPC or cloud architecture.
Background in Statistics is expected, and Experience with Machine Learning is a bonus
Experience with Cloud Computing environments (AWS, GCloud, Azure) is a plus
Must have a Ph.D. or Master’s degree in Applied Math, Physics, Electronics Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field.
Internship or work experience in applied statistics, machine learning, probability, and linear algebra.
Advanced mathematical modeling skills, algorithm design, creative problem solving, and performance optimization
Experience programming in Python, especially the data science stack: numpy, scikit-learn, pandas, matplotlib
Experience in at least one of the following frameworks is required: Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch
Knowledge of SQL/NoSQL databases and back-end systems.
Comfortable with scripting and Linux systems
Exceptional problem solver and communicator
Effective documentation practices and experience writing reports
Ability to create end-to-end pipeline automating the entire data science life cycle working individually or with a team.
Experience delivering data science models or workflows in production, regular optimization of data science software.
Excellent communication and collaboration skill to maintain successful relationship with remote teams.
Understanding of classical machine learning and deep learning techniques such as ensemble methods - xGBoost, Clustering - kMeans, knn, Bayesian, Statistical graphical models, Word embeddings, n-grams, skip-grams, convolutional neural networks, RNN.
Experience with common data science and data processing frameworks: such as scikit-learn, keras, pandas, numpy, gensim, nltk, tensorflow, spaCy, neo4j, spark, databricks, matplotlib, seaborn.
Experience with applying NLP techniques in real world applications highly desirable.
Experience with AWS desirable.
Data-oriented personality, attention to details while able to simplify and draw insight from complex data.
Great communication skills
College degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Science  - OR - equivalent experience in Web or Mobile Development
Experience with Python, SQL, Java or Google BigQuery
Machine Learning Framework experience
Proven ability to solve complex problems with on-time delivery, the highest quality, and creativity in the approach
Ability to listen and understand business needs and creatively develop solutions
Ability to work on a team and manage individual prioritized workload
Cloud infrastructure experience
Strong desire to become a proficient Data Scientist for a fast paced company
Bachelor or Master’s degree in computer science, statistics, business analytics.
1+ years statistical analysis techniques and concepts, such as regression, probability, hypothesis test, A/B test and factor analysis.
1+ year’s machine learning algorithms (supervised and unsupervised).
1+ years working with data science toolkits in Python (preferred) and R (a combination of industry and academic experience is acceptable).
Familiar with connecting different types of datasets in various forms and can handle potentially incomplete data sources.
Ability to communicate with multiple stakeholders to summarize complex results into digestible analysis.
Comfortable with a fast-paced working environment.
Great learning skills and curiosity.
Proficiency in statistical packages and standard libraries in Python (numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels, etc.) and R (plyr, forecast, car, Comparison, ggplot2, etc.).
Familiar with Hadoop, Spark or other big data platforms.
Familiar with predictive modeling and simulation techniques.
Familiar with cloud-based machine learning platforms such as Azure ML or Spark MLlib etc.
Familiar with data visualization and exploration tools, such as Tableau and Power BI
Experience with building and deploying machine learning models on Microsoft Azure.
Experience with Databricks Environment
Experience with writing SQL queries on structured and unstructured data sets.
Exposure to corporate finance, sales, operations or IT data
Experience with data analysis/statistical software and packages (pandas/statsmodels/sklearn within Python, R, etc.)
Experience with predictive modeling/machine learning, forecasting, or causal inference.
A degree in a quantitative discipline such as computer science, statistics, econometrics, applied math, etc.
A love for writing beautiful code; you don’t need to be an expert, but experience is a plus and we’ll expect you to learn on the job
A demonstrated capability for original research, the curiosity to uncover promising solutions to new problems, and the persistence to carry your ideas through to an end goal
Motivation to develop deep product and business knowledge and to connect abstract modeling and analysis tasks with business value
Comfort in using a Unix environmen
Experience using data intelligently to optimize product performance
Experience performing analysis on raw event data in modern data warehouse systems
Deep understanding of data platforms in which you’ve previously worked
Good understanding of how to grow and shape data tools and datasets to improve data-driven decision making
Ability to thrive in an unstructured environment, working autonomously on a strong team to find opportunity and deliver business impact
Good understanding of (one or more of the following): Python or R
Past experience in adtech
PhD or MS in computer science, machine learning, or statistics
Good understanding of (one or more of the following): Java, Scala, or C++
Interesting side projects or Kaggle competition results
2+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis, with proven experience delivering results on research or analytics projects
B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, or Statistics. Graduate degree preferred.
Fluency in SQL and at least one statistical package such as R, SAS, MATLAB, etc.
Strong understanding of statistics, experimental design and data mining methods
Knowledge of other programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, or .Net) and/or experience with large data sets (e.g., Hadoop) is a plus
Ability to prioritize and manage projects to completion without guidance
Strong communication skills
Bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, computer science, or other quantitative field
2+ years of experience in quantitative analysis & data science or a related field
Fluency in SQL or other big data querying language 
Master or Ph.D degree in math, statistics, computer science, or other quantitative field
Strong statistical knowledge
Experience with causal inference techniques, experimental design and/or A/B testing
Experience with analytical packages such as SciPy or R
Experience with a programming language, such as Python
Experience in a product-focused role at a social media and/or mobile technology company
A team player who can collaborate with engineers, product managers, and other cross-functional teams
An active Snapchat user with great product sense and product understanding
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to a senior audience
1-3 years hands-on experience building predictive models, recommendation systems, or NLP/text mining tools.
Familiar with the foundational approaches to the major data science disciplines, such as data preparation, advanced statistics, machine learning, simulation, and natural language processing
Practical, intuitive problem solver with a demonstrated ability to translate business objectives into actionable data science tasks and translate quantitative analysis into actionable business strategies
Connections to the recommendations and / or information retrieval academic community
Experience and proficiency with various programming languages (e.g., Python), machine learning tools (e.g., scikit-learn), statistical packages (e.g., Scipy), SQL/relational databases (e.g., Oracle) and NoSQL databass (e.g., MongoDB, graph database), Linux and shell scripting
Masters in a quantitative research field (e.g., Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Neuroscience etc.). PhD preferred.
Undergraduate degree or higher in a quantitative discipline
Advanced knowledge and 3+ years’ of experience in Python, R, and SQL
Team player with an entrepreneurial spirit and good communication skills
Experience with Spotfire or Tableau is preferred but not required
Interest in Energy is preferred but experience is not required
Problem solving skills
Knowledge of machine learning techniques
Knowledge of statistical techniques and concepts
Coding knowledge and experience with languages like C, C++, python, R, Scala
Knowledge of database querying (SQL) and data frameworks
Experience with machine learning web services and libraries: Spark, H2O.ai, Tensorflow
Present Information using data visualization techniques
Excellent communication skills to coordinate between different teams.
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferred
PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or related analytical discipline or equivalent combination of training and experience
2-4 years of Data Science/Analytics experience.
Proven experience with machine learning data modeling projects and model development for solving business problems.
Experience with deep learning libraries (Tensorflow, Caffe, PyTorch, MxNet etc.) and application development
Understanding and demonstrated experience of deep learning method, training, parameter tuning and deployment
Conceptual knowledge and ability to explain common ML algorithms
Familiarity with hypothesis testing
Solid knowledge of Python or R for statistical analysis, modeling and visualization (pandas, numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, etc)
Some experience with ETL, data cleaning, transformation experience
Some experience in SQL.
Ability to collaborate with team members
Ability to clearly explain big picture overview and in-depth technical details to both non-technical (product managers, senior leadership, etc.) and technical people
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
Experience with Java, Scala etc.
Familiarity or experience with Cloud-based or Big Data technologies (AWS, Spark, EMR, EC2, S3, AWS Athena, Redshift, , etc.) is a plus.
Master’s or PhD degree in statistics, applied mathematics, financial mathematics, engineering, operations research, analytics, or another highly quantitative field with a track record of academic excellence.
Demonstrated interest in Financial Services or related industries (e.g., relevant internships), and some consulting experience (internal partners and/or external clients).
Ability to travel approximately 10% of the time
1-3 years of programming skills; proficiency with a statistical language such as R, SQL or SAS
Strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.Previous experience in using other programming and data manipulation languages preferred (SQL, Hive, Pig, Python, C/C++, Java) 
Operates with little supervision in a complex and dynamic, matrixed environment.  
Experience working with credit bureau data and solutions preferred.
Aptitude and interest in client-facing roles.
A Bachelor's Degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, Social Sciences)
Strong database knowledge and experience with SQL
Strong understanding of applied statistics and statistical modeling
Fluency with statistical scripting languages (R/Python)
Strong understanding of product and business analytics
Strong problem solving, process-improvement, and adaptability skills
Comfortable with iterative and flexible experimentation
Experience with Git and Jira
Statistical modeling and hypothesis testing
Designing, training, and validating results from a breadth of machine learning algorithms
Writing clean, efficient SQL
Integrating with various RDBMS (e.g., Postgres, MySQL) and distributed data stores (e.g., Hadoop)
Building Python applications
Deploying applications into cloud-based infrastructures (e.g., AWS)
Building deep neural networks with modern tools, such as PyTorch or Tensorflow
Creating and interacting with RESTful APIs
Managing *nix servers
Writing unit tests
Collaborating via Git
Master's Degree/PhD in a quantitative field
Knowledge and experience with machine learning techniques and applications
Experience with machine learning tools (Tensorflow, MXNET, Caffe, H20)
Exposure to working with Docker, Flask, Plumber, AWS, Apache Kafka
Experience with consulting, data visualization, and metric development
Understanding of coding structures and unit testing
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, computer science, marketing, data analysis, statistics, or a related field
Solid understanding and hands on experience with SQL
Project experience utilizing various languages such as Python and R
familiarity with data storytelling through visualization tools such as Tableau and Alteryx
Teradata, AWS, or Hadoop experience is a big plus
Have a strong understanding of statistical and machine learning concepts
Have a degree in a quantitative field or an equivalent work experience
Have experience with end-to-end quantitative analysis, from data preparation through analysis and modeling to visualization
Be proficient in Python and/or Scala. Experience writing code in production environment is a plus
Have strong communication skills
Experience in creating and implementing machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as: regression, clustering, decision trees, exploratory data analysis methodology, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, and neural networks.
Able to understand the business problem, identify the key challenges and quickly prototype the solution
Analyze extremely large structured and unstructured datasets in the terabyte and petabyte size range.
Experience in visualizing data for stakeholders in a simple and concise manner.
Programming fluency in Java and Node.js
Comfortable working at the command line in a Linux/Unix environments
Exposure to SQL, NoSQL and big data platforms such as Oracle, Teradata, Cassandra, Couchbase and Hadoop.
Exposure to stream processing frameworks like Kafka and Spark
Experience with data processing in the cloud (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google)
Strong communication skills
Excellent organization and prioritization skills
Able to document the technical details of your work
Collaborate and brainstorm with other team members
Quickly assess pros and cons of implementing third-party products versus building and developing in-house solutions.
Experience manipulating large data sets from multiple sources (SQL, Hadoop, Teradata, AWS)
Masters required in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or machine learning related field
Strong written and oral communication skills
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Bachelors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics; Masters strongly preferred
2+ years' experience in a data science or data analysis role
2+ years of Java coding experience
2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports
Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets
Technical proficiency with transforming structured and unstructured data sets
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy
Expert problem solving skills and creative thinking ability
Masters or Bachelors in Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, Mathematics or relevant fields
experience developing and implementing machine learning models in a non-academic setting
Experience writing production code
Excellent communication skills
Proficient in Java and C#
Expertise in data mining algorithms and statistical modeling techniques such as clustering, classification, regression, decision trees, neural nets, support vector machines, ensemble modeling and text mining techniques such as sentiment analysis, topic modeling and entity extraction.
Exceptional quantitative skills and attention to detail.
Multi-year experience with Python/R and SQL.
Degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computational Linguistics or related field. MS or PhD preferred.
Ability to establish and maintain strong working relationships across the organization.
Experience with measuring the behaviors of customers navigating various Omni-Channel service platforms is a plus (i.e. Website visits, App usage, Call Center, voice-activated technology, etc).
You have a passion for problem solving, experience working on open-ended projects, and a proven ability to come up with creative, elegant solutions to complex issues.
3-5 years of academic or professional experience in a quantitative role
Experience translating business problems into data problems and solving them
Comfort turning ideas into code (bonus points for experience with Python or Scala)
Commitment to creating and sharing reproducible analysis
A passion for learning and teaching others
Streaming data (Reactive Extensions, Spark Streaming, Akka-streams, Kafka, RabbitMQ)
AWS infrastructure (we use Redshift, S3, EMR, Kinesis, Lambda, and RDS)
Building distributed software (especially on top of Spark, Hadoop, etc.) in a production environment
Utilizing applied statistics or machine learning on large, complex, noisy datasets
Scaling and turning statistical models into production-ready applications such as recommender systems
Languages: Python for web services and product devlopment, R for analysis and prototyping
Datastores: MySQL, Redshift, Elasticsearch, Redis
Monitoring: Graphite/StatsD
Version control: Git
Bachelor’s degree in behavioral or natural sciences, business analytics, applied mathematics or comparable field.
he ability to perform other duties as assigned
Advanced Degree in analytically based field, including, but not limited to, a Master’s Degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Bioinformatics.
At least a Master’s Degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science (or related fields) and a minimum of 1 year experience. PhD, plus at least 1 year of experience, preferred.
PhD in an advanced analytical field preferred.
Master's Degree required in Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Analytics, or Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field. Or Bachelor's Degree with 2+ years of professional work experience in data analysis and machine learning.
Proficient in SQL, writing queries, and reporting.
Excellent scripting and programming skills with Python, R, etc with hands-on experience.
Expertise in running exploratory data analysis, statistical modeling and data mining.
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Experience with designing and analyzing statistical test (AB tests and Multivariate tests).
Excellent understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, K-Means, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Neural Networks, etc.
Experience developing recommendation engines using different techniques like collaborative filtering, content-based filtering, deep learning based approaches, etc.
Proficiency with Python and common data science toolkits such as Jupyter Notebooks, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, MatplotLib, Seaborn, NLTK, OpenCV, etc.
Proficiency with a deep learning framework such as TensorFlow or Keras.
Project experience with data visualisation tools, such as Tableau, PowerBI, and DataStudio.
Ability to run automated jobs to manipulate and store data from APIs via Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine, Google Cloud Storage, EC2, S3, etc.
Hands-on experience working with large data sets
Working knowledge of statistical modeling tools
Experience with R and/or Python
SQL knowledge preferred
Knowledge of Hadoop framework a plus
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team; builds effective relationships
Strong analytical and data manipulation skills, including strong programming experience
Knowledge of insurance, and of our data and related systems
Good communication skills
Ability to builds effective relationships with business partners
Strong quantitative skills required
High comfort level with data manipulation
Critical thinking
Creativity
Masters in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience (strong bachelor’s degree applicants are welcomed)
2+ years of work or educational experience in Data Science / Machine Learning.
*Ability to scrape and mine complex data sets and clean the data
Strong knowledge of ML techniques including both supervised and unsupervised learning, classification, regression, and optimization
Proficiency in statistics
Experience working with large, complex and diverse data sets from a variety of sources
Ability to collaborate with a diverse set of engineers and data scientists
Superb written and verbal communication
PhD or MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Math, Statistics or other relevant quantitative disciplines, or equivalent industry experience
Relevant coursework and experience in the fields of Machine Learning, Statistics, Optimization
Deep understanding of statistical/probabilistic analysis and linear algebra
At least one year of relevant industry experience, including internships
Ability to write production-ready code
Experience with Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Optimization
Experience with ML at scale
Experience with scale computing: Hadoop/Scala/Spark/Cassandra
Experience with SQL
Degree in statistics, actuarial science, economics, computer science, or other quantitative field 
Master’s in Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or another quantitative field
2+ years of experience with common data science toolkits such as Python, R, MatLab, etc.
2+ years of experience with machine learning and algorithms for classification, clustering and prediction
2+ Experience with Neural Networks, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests
Able to access and transform massive datasets through filtering, grouping, aggregation, and statistical calculation
Find efficient ways to make tables and graphs which were visually easy to understand and at the same time maintaining the accuracy of the core information content
NLP, text analytics technologies experience is ideal
Ability to enhance standard algorithms is highly expected
Experience developing algorithms and testing on the real data sets and fine tuning algorithms to ensure business objectives are met
Hands-on experience implementing machine learning algorithms in the production instance and integrating with necessary data sources to address specific business problems
Experience working with big data technology of HDFS, Hive, Spark, Scala etc.
Data visualization tools such as Tableau, Query languages such as SQL, Hive
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Master’s degree in data science, business, statistics, data mining, applied mathematics, business analytics, engineering, or computer science
Experience in developing advanced analytics algorithms and analyzing data specifically related to risk management
Statistical or mathematical modeling experience
Ability to work with unstructured data sets and harmonize complex data
Familiarity with common Operations systems, such as SAP, Rapid Response, MES, LIMS, etc.
Familiarity with advanced analytics tool sets, such as R, Python, SQL, Alteryx, etc.
Experience processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities of data stored in data warehouse or data lake repositories and data extracted directly from the source systems
Experience with data visualization tools or packages, such as Tableau or Spotfire
Experience working on a cloud platform (e.g., AWS, Azure, etc.)
Ability to communicate and collaborate cross-functionally in an organization
Energetic, detailed oriented, highly motivated with a “can do” outlook
Proven ability to work effectively in ambiguous situations
Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently
MS/PhD in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science (or related fields) and 2+ years of experience in programming languages for large scale data and predictive analysis (predictive modeling, machine learning or data mining)
2+ years of experience with machine learning
2+ years of experience with relational databases
2+ years of experience with programming languages (SQL, R, Python and SAS)
Some experience with text and image analytics is a plus.
Conceptual understanding of Hadoop and Big Data ecosystem
B.S. in a quantitative field required; M.S. or Ph.D. preferred
2+ years of professional experience in a related field desired
Significant SQL and Python programming experience
Strong communication skills and a team-oriented attitude
Advanced degree (MS or PhD) in science or engineering
Data Mining experience in Python, R, H2O and/or SAS. Familiar with various Machine Learning algorithms and Statistical methods
Ability to deal with a large amount of data and fluency with SQL or SQL-like tools.
Strong problem solving and communication skills
Have a passion for working on big data and professional experience in data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling, and data manipulation.
Financial services or eCommerce experience a strong plus
Master's Degree in Statistics/Applied Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related quantitative field and two years of experience in the job offered or two years experience data mining.
Experience must include two years of the following: advanced statistical modeling, machine learning, data manipulation and cleaning; data management and pre-modeling, modeling design and monitoring, and identification and resolution of data issues.
Experience must include 2 years with any combination of 3 of the following programming languages: SAS, SQL, VBA, R, Python. Experience may be gained concurrently.
Minimum of one year of experience in the design and building of machine learning pipelines, including data extraction, feature engineering from structured and unstructured data; Experience with the entire software development lifecycle, knowledge of software development methodologies, frameworks, tools, and technical architecture
Bachelor's or Master's degree in an applied quantitative discipline (Data Science, Analytics, Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics) from an accredited college or university with experience involving modeling (regression, machine learning, feature selection, dimension reduction, validation), data (extracting, preparing, munging, validating), and building analytics pipelines
Ability to apply artificial intelligence techniques to achieve concrete business goals; ability to work with the business to understand available resources and constraints around data (sources, integrity, and definitions), processing platforms, and security; provide assistance, and resolve problems, using solid problem-solving skills, verbal/written communication, and data visualizations
Broad, versatile knowledge of analytics and data science landscape, combined with strong business consulting acumen, enabling the identification, design and deployment of optimal machine learning solutions
Proficiency with sophisticated analytics tools and programming languages (SAS, R, Python, Java, Spark, Hadoop, Alteryx, SQL); Proficiency with data visualization tools such as Tableau and QlikView
2+ years experience in a data analytics role
Experience with ETL processing and data wrangling including fetching, munging, cleaning, pivoting, analyzing, aggregating, distributing, and visualizing
Advanced programming skills in Python
Proficiency in SQL and knowledge of RDBMs like Postgres and Redshift
Basic knowledge of statistics, algorithms, data structures, and machine learning
Bachelor’s or higher in a quantitative field
Experience with social media or advertising technology
Experience with AWS
Experience with Spark and the big data ecosystem
Experience using Git and the Unix command-line
Familiarity with Python web frameworks such as Django
Familiarity calling RESTful web services, specifically social APIs (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc.)
Data visualization skills, including JavaScript libraries such as D3 and Highcharts
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g., economics, statistics)
1-3 years of experience
Strong analytical skills
Knowledge of relevant software packages:
Statistical programming (e.g., Stata, R)
Database (e.g., Python, SQL, Cognos)
Good written, verbal and interpersonal skills
Postgraduate degree or higher involving statistics, machine learning, or computer science OR 2+ years of commercial experience involving machine learning or data analytics
Experience of statistical / machine learning projects in academia or the commercial sector
Excellent knowledge of supervised machine learning methods, such as regularized regressions, ensemble tree classifiers (e.g. xgboost), support vector machines, deep learning methods, etc. Good grasp of classical statistical methods, such as fitting regression models, inference testing and sampling
Strong programming skills in Python.
Experience in PySpark is highly beneficial but not prerequisite
Solid understanding of best coding practices and version control software such as Git, ability to write clean and efficient code and a good understanding of the data science package landscape
Excellent written and spoken communication skills, including ability to present technical concepts to lay audiences, write analysis plans for projects, contribute to proposals / grant applications, pitch ideas effectively and persuasively to clients / internal stakeholders, etc.
A proactive, innovative and pragmatic approach to problem solving and an ability to think critically and independently, able to work as part of a cross-functional team.
Peer-reviewed publications involving machine learning
Knowledge of healthcare patient-level data
Knowledge of epidemiology / biostatistics, particularly analytical issues relating to studies of treatment effectiveness, disease progression, adherence, healthcare utilization, etc.
Work in bioinformatics
Knowledge of healthcare / life science issues involving Real-World Evidence
Experience with patient-level, longitudinal data.
BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar computational discipline, e.g. physics, mathematics, or statistics 
Strong mathematics, computation, and/or statistics foundation. 
Basic experience with applying machine learning and/or statistical modeling to real world problems 
Python programming experience 
Object oriented programming: C++, Java, or equivalent 
Desired Experience:
Computational programming experience: R, Python/Pandas, Matlab/Octave 
Spark or Map Reduce 
SQL and noSQL database experience 
Linux 
BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Math, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field
Proficiency with Python and SQL. Expert in at least one statistical modeling/machine learning software (Python preferred)
1+ years of hands-on, practical Excel use
Demonstrable critical thinking and analytical skills, including the ability and conviction to make conclusions and recommendations from data
Experience interacting with key stakeholders, and converting opportunities into actionable data-driven analysis and implementing science-driven data products
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and in a team
Passion to learn a business from the inside out and propel its growth
Comfort with and aptitude for critically analyzing large quantities of data
Ability to clearly articulate and defend analytical findings
Must be a current student graduating prior to September of 2019 OR have received a degree in a quantitative field (e.g. statistics, mathematics, computer science, data science, neuroscience, physics) within the last 3 years from time of start
Programming experience in Python, R, and/or Matlab
Ability to quickly learn new tools and methodologies
Strong verbal and written interpersonal skills
Familiar with common data science techniques, such as:
Linear / logistic regression
Decision tree algorithms (e.g. random forest)
Clustering algorithms (e.g. K-means)
Support vector machine (SVM)
Artificial neural networks
Experience with common data science tools, such as:
Numpy
Pandas
Matplotlib
Plotly
Competitive GPA
1-2 years of experience solving data science problems
Experience working in an industry setting
Domain expertise in energy, healthcare, finance, and/or logistics
Research experience with high impact publications
PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science, applied mathematics, or similar) or equivalent practical experience.
Relevant internship or work experience with data analysis.
Experience with statistical software (R, S-Plus, SAS, or similar).
Experience with databases and scripting languages (such as Python).
Authorization to legally work in the United States.
1 year of relevant work experience (i.e., data scientist role), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods.
Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions.
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques
Apply On Company Site
Masters degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics or related field, or equivalent experience. 
Experiencing with programming in Python, R or similar scripting languages. 
Experience in building NLP models. 
Excellent data visualization and written communication skills to translate complex models and analysis results into layman terms. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Doctorate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics or related field. 
Hands on experience with data analysis and model development in Search or Advertising domain space. 
Working in Linux environment and AWS. 
Hands on model deployment experience in OOP language. 
A. Python/R,
B. SQL,
C. AWS/Azure is a plus.
D. ML Algorithms with Statistical background
Understanding of applied Statistics, algorithms, modeling techniques as they relate to Data Science as a practice.
Technical experience working with data to include sourcing, extracting, validating, exploring, and transforming data with tools like SQL and Python.
Expert knowledge of the Data Science process.
Initiative, curiosity, and problem-solving skills through personal development projects and ongoing education.
Competency with Python and/or R
Competency with SQL
Preferred Requirements
Master's Degree or PhD
Strong knowledge in one or more of the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, simulation, operations research, econometrics, and/or information retrieval.
Strong knowledge of the data science process and practical experience using machine learning algorithms including regression, classification, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, and decision trees.
Knowledge in airline operations, customer interactions and/or inter-departmental limitations across business units.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, proven presentation skills to all levels of audience.
Strong intellect and analytical aptitude, along with ability to be self-driven.
Demonstrated proficiency in Python, R, MATLAB, SQL or other programming languages or packages.
Comfortable with a fast paced, dynamic work environment.
Strong computer skills including but not limited to MS Office products.
Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline
Experience working with tools, including object-oriented programming (Python, Java), computational analysis tools (R, MATLAB), and associated data science libraries (scikit-learn)
Experience creating meaningful data visualizations and interactive dashboards such as Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, RShiny, plotly, and d3.js to communicate findings and relate them back to how your insights create business impact
Working knowledge of databases and SQL; preferred qualifications include linking analytic and data visualization products to database connections
Preferred experience with data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics; additional preferred qualifications include working with unstructured text and natural language processing
Superior communication skills, both oral and written
Experience with data analysis, mining, and visualization software, including R, Python, SAS, or VBA
Experience with Microsoft Office
Ability to author complex documents describing and visualizing analytical results
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS degree
Experience with Big Data analysis programming techniques and technologies, including Hadoop
Possession of excellent data gathering, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
MS degree in Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or Operations Research
Minimum Qualifications: Must possess a Bachelor's degree
Candidate shall have demonstrated at least 3 years of (a) sampling, (b) collecting, computing, and analyzing statistical data, and (c) applying statistical analysis techniques typical to exploratory data analysis.
Familiarity with data extraction modeling and data mining and/or
Familiarity with Knowledge Management Models, Capability Enablement
Candidate shall possess the necessary skills to write scripts in R or Python to conduct exploratory and advanced statistical analyses.
Candidate shall possess the skills necessary to clean and wrangle data.
Candidates shall possess the skills necessary to extract data from data warehouses.
Candidate shall possess excellent oral and written communication skills with emphasis on complex technical and statistical topics and effectively communicating details with all levels of management.
Familiarity with machine learning concepts
Experience writing scripts in both R and Python to conduct exploratory and advanced statistical analyses is preferred.
Experience managing and maintaining structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, as well as structuring and wrangling data as appropriate for statistical data analysis, is preferred.
Experience with multiple programming languages, including Python, C++, R, Matlab, or Java-Knowledge of various machine learning algorithms, statistics, and mathematics principles
Ability to easily learn new programming languages
You are proficient with Python, R, SQL, and Microsoft Excel; you have experience working with APIs
You have experience using applied statistics, and you’re comfortable working with imperfect data
You are an autodidact, who loves to figure out solutions to problems by diving deep into Stack Overflow (or your preferred resource)
You are curious, inquisitive, proactive, organized, and methodical. You like to use substantiated data to both identify and solve problems, rather than trust your gut alone
You have an understanding of qualitative and quantitative research and/or digital analytics
You have strong communication and writing skills
You have the ability to juggle multiple priorities and pay attention to details when things are moving quickly
A bachelor’s degree in statistics or biostatistics; Master’s degree is a plus
A minimum of one year of relevant work experience in a similar position
Experience with R, SQL and data visualization tools and techniques preferred
Experience with producing and delivering results in multiple formats (i.e., multiple MS office formats, dashboards/visualization tools, and potentially other formats)
Experience in employee health management/health engagement industry preferred
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related technical focus.
2+ years of relevant experience OR recent Master’s or PhD grad in Computer Science, Mathematics or related field.
Proficiency in a mainstream programming language, such as Python, C/C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Haskell or similar.
A strong foundation in a STEM/numeric discipline.
Familiarity with software development practices such as version control (git), test frameworks, code review tools, deployment configuration management, continuous integration.
Experience with machine learning libraries/frameworks and methods
Excellent communication skills and team orientation
Minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative or analytical field
1 to 3 years of experience in an analytical role with a heavy focus on querying data, analyzing and clearly presenting analyses to stakeholders across the organization
High SQL aptitude, further ability to conduct predictive analyses via R and Python a plus
Experience designing reports and dashboards in BI tools such as Tableau, Spotfire, and QlikView, becoming our SME of dashboard design
Familiarity with Spark and Amazon Web Services technologies a plus
Ability to clearly explain findings from complex analyses in case studies and presentations
Previous experience on a data team in an agile environment
A flexible, collaborative teammate with the ability to deliver both high level explanations of complex problems while also able to deep dive into complex problems our data scientists are solving
Confidence, hustle, energy, and drive – accountability is key and the impact of your work is crucial to our success
Knowledge of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, and Decision Forests
Familiarity with data management and machine learning toolkits, such as tidyverse and dyplr in R and pandas and scikit learn in Python
Experience using data visualization tools PlotLy and Tableau
Experience working with query languages such as SQL.
Knowledge of statistics and research methods and regression models.
Experience developing technical documentation for datasets, code, and data products.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative or analytical field
teammate with the ability to deliver both high level explanations of complex problems while also able to deep dive into complex problems our data scientists are solving
Confidence, hustle, energy, and drive – accountability is key and the impact of your work is crucial to our success
MS in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or Economics
Proficiency in at least one statistical software package such as R, Stata, or Python
Knowledge of algorithms for data mining, machine learning, and/or natural language processing
Expertise using SQL for acquiring and transforming data
Experience with causal inference, applied time series modeling or machine learning forecasting applications
Experience building scalable data models using AWS or GCP platform offerings
Attention to detail and demonstrated ability to detect and resolve data/analytics quality issues
Bachelor's or equivalent degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, or Engineering Technology with an emphasis on Statistical Analysis and 1+ years of data science experience in mobile/digital analytics.
2+ year's experience with: SQL; statistical, machine learning, and Bayesian knowledge with statistical significance testing, A/B testing, and predictive analytics skills; data modeling, design, and architecture principles; data mining, clustering, and segmentation; scripting languages Python, R, PHP, JavaScript.
2+ year's experience building user behavior prediction using the following machine learning techniques: Linear regression; Lasso/Ridge; Logistic regression; Naïve Bayes; Decision tree; Random forest; Support vector machine; Neural network; Deep learning; K-Means; Clustering; Nearest neighborhood; and Logit.
Experience creating and optimizing campaigns for Facebook ads, AdColony, Unity Ads, Apple Search Ads, TV Advertising, and Google AdWords for a programmatic ad buying system.
Experience in a free-2-play mobile game company environment building automation services and working with Facebook APIs, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Web Services AWS, Lambda, EC2, Mobile Analytics, QuickSight, Kinesis, and Google BigQuery and big plus!
Experience manipulating big and noisy data sets (e.q. SQL, server log file)
Experience working in big data framework (Hadoop, NoSQL, BigQuery, etc)
Experience and knowledge of data storage, data management, and big data processing tools preferred
Strong background in statistics
Experience with scripting and rapid prototyping using python
Data mining experience (using python/pandas)
Experience with Machine learning
Knowledge of data visualization tools (tableau, datastudio, matplotlib)
Microsoft Office - Excel, PowerPoint, Word expert proficiency
Bachelors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics; Masters strongly preferred
2+ years' experience in a data science or data analysis role
2+ years of Java coding experience
2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports
Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets
Technical proficiency with transforming structured and unstructured data sets
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy
Expert problem solving skills and creative thinking ability
Robust experience with a variety of tools and methodologies (programming languages, tools, statistical methods) used in the function and selecting the appropriate approach for the job
Bachelor’s degree (B.S.) from four-year college or university with a preference in computer science, mathematics or statistics
Experience with Python is required
Experience with Hadoop, Hive, SQL, Theano, Tensorflow, Keras, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, R and Mathematica are preferred
xperience with television and/or advertising data ecosystems (DMPs, DSPs, media buying platforms, analytics platforms) is a plus
A minimum of 1 years experience in a professional, technical workplace
Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research or another relevant technical field (B.S. M.S. or Ph.D.)
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL, data transformation (ETL), data mining, ad-hoc analysis
Extensive experience with Python (scikit, pandas, numpy, scipy, matplotlib etc.), R, Stata, SAS, Matlab or another statistical language
Experience with REST API, python software development and packaging
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative techniques
A passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data in a clear and precise way
Ability to take high level, loosely-defined business problems and identify precise, quantitative solutions
Experience with big data software and techniques such as Spark and Hadoop is a plus
Experience in advertising or real time bidding is a plus
Working knowledge of SQL and non-relational databases
Scripting and coding in R, Python, SLQ or other statistical computer languages
Basic coding/scripting knowledge
Strong problem-solving skills
Experience querying databases (SWL) and using statistical computer languages (Python, R) to manipulate and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical test and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Knowledge of data visualization techniques (Python-matplotlib, R-ggplot, Tableua, BI).
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Coding experience: Java, C#, Python, JavaScript.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Strong communication skills.
Education:
BS in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science with a 3.0 or higher
Experience
0 to 2 years working as a Data Scientist
Bachelors degree or Masters degree from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Bioinformatics, Physics, Operations Research, or related fields
Proven professional data science experience, e.g., machine learning, natural language processing, algorithms and statistical modeling, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, etc.
Cross-industry knowledge in the areas of Big Data, Analytics, and IoT
Proven experience working with big data technologies, processing and analyzing structured and unstructured data in Big Data environments using Hadoop, Spark and/or cloud technologies
Experience in delivering descriptive, exploration, predictive, prescriptive analytics and converge into automation in Big Data diagnostic environment:
SQL coding skills
Python coding skills
Spark (Scala or Java) coding skills are highly desired
Hive coding mandatory, HBase, Impala coding skills
UNIX / Linux shell scripting skills
Experience in BI reporting and data visualization
One or more of Tableau, QlikView, Microsoft Power BI or other big data visualization tools is mandatory
The ability to communicate and present both orally and in writing, and comfortable with ambiguity, uncertainty, and change
Excellent communication; translate data analytics into business speak
Experience with Machine Learning, Tableau highly preferred
Experience with Data Scienceand Programming Languages like R*/Java/Python/.Net*
Proven experience in managing multiple tasks simultaneously with a rigid determination to meet deadlines
Comfortable to work with people from a broad range of backgrounds from highly technical to marketing
MS or PhD in Computational Linguistics or quantitative field with thesis using NLP
Strong experience developing and implementing NLP algorithms in a commercial setting
Experienced in statistical modeling, Bayesian inference or other machine learning and statistical methodologies
Expert in NLP methodologies: Word2Vec, sentiment analysis, entity extraction
Experience with NLTK, Gensim, SpaCy, CoreNLP
Programming experience in Python preferred, R and Java a plus
Machine Translation and BERT experience a plus
Comfortable using neural networks: RNN/CNNPrevious experience leading projects preferred
Knowledge of Big Data packages a plus, Hadoop, Spark, Hive or others
Proven communicator with technical team, clients and senior stakeholders
Entrepreneurial spirit!
A bachelor’s degree in statistics or biostatistics; Master’s degree is a plus
A minimum of one year of relevant work experience in a similar position
Experience with R, SQL and data visualization tools and techniques preferred
Experience with producing and delivering results in multiple formats (i.e., multiple MS office formats, dashboards/visualization tools, and potentially other formats)
Experience manipulating big and noisy data sets (e.q. SQL, server log file)
Experience working in big data framework (Hadoop, NoSQL, BigQuery, etc)
Experience and knowledge of data storage, data management, and big data processing tools preferred
Strong background in statistics
Experience with scripting and rapid prototyping using python
Data mining experience (using python/pandas)
Experience with Machine learning
Knowledge of data visualization tools (tableau, datastudio, matplotlib)
Microsoft Office - Excel, PowerPoint, Word expert proficiency
PhD or MS degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Applied Math, Econometrics, or other related fields.
Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, deep learning or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods.
Proficient in one or more programming languages such as Python, Scala, Java and C.
Familiar with one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such such as R, SciKit-Learn, Spark.ML(MLlib), Tensorflow.
Strong analytical and quantitative problem solving ability.
Excellent communication, relationship skills and a strong team player. Exceptional numerical ability and creative thinker/problem solver.
Experience using some of the major data science tools e.g. Python (preferable), and/or R
Organized, autonomous, and a drive / commitment
Excellent interpersonal skills: the candidate would be expected to work across and between existing teams.
Strong communication and presentation skills, including the ability to translate analyses to non-technical audiences.
Desirable Skills
Proficiency in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques e.g. k-means decision trees, neural networks, ensemble learning, etc.
Good working knowledge of PostgreSQL and understanding of data modelling and relational databases.
Experience of machine learning libraries e.g. scikit-learn, Tensor Flow.
Experience in feature engineering and designing robust model tuning approaches
Master's degree in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Financial Economics/Econometrics, Computer Science, or Operations Research.
Experience developing and implementing advanced analytical solutions to business problems/opportunities.
Experience working in the Consumer/Retail space within the Financial Services, Telecommunications, and Technology or, related work in the Public Policy, Bio-statistics and Scientific Research industries.
A passion for educating and communicating analytic findings and insights with integrity to all levels.
A voracious appetite for improvement of our analytical products and processes built on a solid foundation of a lifelong love of learning.
Publication of technical papers for, and/or attendance and participation in organizations such as INFORMs, ML Conferences, SAS Users Groups, American Statistical Association or others
Master's Degree
Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Decision Science, Operational Research, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
Generally requires 2-5 years related experience.
Graduate degree or PhD in the following areas: Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science or relevant science or engineering discipline.
1+ years working within an enterprise data lake/warehouse environment or big data architecture
Understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, both theoretical underpinnings and craft.
Applied statistics skills and understanding of probability distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as scikit-learn, matplotlib, R, ggplot, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable.
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL and Hive.
Good scripting and programming skills in, Python, R, Scala, or Java
Data-oriented personality
Master’s degree in data science or related field
OR
Bachelor’s degree and 2 years of applied data science experience in industry
OR
Associate’s degree and 4 years of applied data science experience in industry
OR
High school diploma / GED and 6 years of applied data science experience in industry
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with a variety of data analysis and modeling methods particularly in their application to business related and text heavy data
Proficient in SQL, Python, and R
Familiarity and background with biotechnology processes and regulatory requirements
Strong statistics and programming background (experience with NLP preferred)
Familiarity with DevOps and good software practices (i.e. version control, continuous integration, test driven development)
Strong communication skills: candidate will have outstanding experience engaging directly with clients (scientific/biological experience preferred) in developing data science/machine learning or other software solutions
Bachelor’s degree in data science, data analytics, computer science or mathematics and two (2) years of experience with data mining and statistical analysis. In lieu of experience, applicants with a Master's degree in data science, data analytics, computer science or mathematics will be considered.
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Experience with object-oriented programming languages such as Python
Knowledge of industry leading data quality and data protection management practices
Proven ability to prioritize and execute tasks
Highly self-motivated and directed with attention to detail
Easily adapts to changing circumstances
Able to understand business goals and strategic priorities
Job Requirements PhD or MS (exceptional BS candidates will be considered) in one of the following disciplines: Engineering/Sciences, Mathematics, Statistics or Computer Science with significant experience in data analytics. Experience in Python, Scala, Java, C, C++ or R is required Knowledge of statistics, linear algebra, multiple variable calculus, Fourier analysis or machine learning Experience using one or more of the following software packages: scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, jupyter, matplotlib, scipy, nltk, spacy, keras, tensorflow Experience solving problems using one or more of the following techniques: Regression, Support Vector Machines, Decision trees, random forest, Boosting, PCA, KMeans Experience in using SQL/No SQL databases is an advantage Experience working in Linux and in a High Performance Computing environment is an advantage
Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university
Masters Degree from an accredited college or university with related Thesis
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forest, Boosting, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, Matlab, etc.
Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, e
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL
Applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Scripting and programming skills: C, C++, etc
Minimum 3.0 GPA preferred
Skills: Proficiency in R, Python, Spark, TensorFlow, Keras, OpenCV, Hive, etc. preferred.
Master’s/PhD Degree
Preferred Degree Paths: Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Management Science and Statistics, and majors in a similar field of study.
Bachelor or Masters degree in a quantitative or computational field (ie, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or Physics )
Proficiency in a programming language used for data analysis (R/Python), query knowledge (SQL) and have experience with data warehousing systems like Amazon Redshift, Snowflake, BigQuery.
Hands on expertise in building statistical or econometrics models in an educational or commercial setting.
Formulate and solve optimization problems using CPLEX, Gurobi, or other optimizers.
Knowledge of Big Data packages a plus, Hadoop, Spark, Hive or others
Experience with ML computing on premise or cloud platforms like AWS or Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure
Sound verbal and written skills to effectively interact with both technical as well as non-technical audiences.
Display high energy and drive
Demonstrated history of living the values important to priceline: Customer, Innovation, Team, Accountability and Trust. Unquestionable integrity and ethics
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (math, statistics, engineering, science, etc.)
1 or more years prior experience as a data scientist and a record of delivering data science products to production
An outstanding ability to communicate complex findings in a clear and simple manner with excellent written and oral communication skills
Advanced skills in either R or Python
Proven self-learner with either the drive or talent to learn very quickly
Experience using AWS, GCP, or Azure
Plenty of experience with traditional statistics and ML approaches
Experience extracting data from a variety of sources in a variety of formats
Knowledge of best practices in coding/scientific projects
Bonus Points if you also bring the following:
A PhD in a quantitative field
Experience using Docker
NLP experience
Publications in peer-reviewed journals demonstrating excellence in experimental design and data analysis
Bachelor's degree in Econometrics, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Applied Sciences, Statistics or job-related discipline or equivalent experience. Job-related experience, 2 years, OR Master's Degree, OR Doctorate Degree. Desired: Experience in applied data science and analytics experience. Experience with the steps in the data science lifecycle: data gathering and preparation, feature engineering, model development and model testing. Experience with SQL to extract, store and analyze large datasets. Experience with at least one commonly used data science programming language, such as Python, R or similar. Familiarity with data science and machine learning models and algorithms, such as statistical inference, classification, clustering, forecasting, time series analysis, or other relevant techniques. Familiarity with data science and/or research tools such as: numpy, scipy, pandas, sklearn or other equivalent tools. Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau, Matplotlib, ggplot or other equivalent tools. Familiarity in utilizing big data technologies such as AWS, Hadoop Ecosystem or equivalent. Familiarity with Base SAS, SAS Grid and SAS Enterprise Guide. Familiarity with programming best practices, including documentation, version control and unit testing
Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Physics
1-3 years related experience
Strong statistical modelling and programming skills in Python
Extremely detail-orientated with excellent analytical skills
Experience with natural language processing research
Proficiency in SAS, HTML and SQL
Extremely hard working and ambitious, with an attitude of continuous learning
The ability to work well in a demanding, team-centric environment
Preferred Skills/Experience
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, engineering, econometrics, computer science or applied mathematics
Advanced knowledge of predictive analytics and machine learning techniques
Proficiency in data science tools such as R, Python, Spark, Hadoop, SQL
Experience querying large databases
Advanced degree
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau
Demonstrated project management and organizational skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Proven track record of seeing complicated projects through to completion
Work independently to drive results
Impeccable attention to details
Excited about rolling up your sleeves and getting hands-on with the data
Comfortable with data ambiguity
Great team player
Someone who thrives in a fast-paced, can-do environment
Experience in the financial services industry is a plus
Bachelors degree in a quantitative discipline such as mathematics, engineering, economics, finance, business, computer science. Masters degree or higher preferred. In lieu of a specific degree, advanced certifications in combination with strong experience will also be considered.
The candidate must be at an advanced to expert level with Python, with proficient-or-better skills expected in SAS and SQL
Must have 1+ years experience with data science, with preference working in financial services. Strong preference to experience in fraud or cybersecurity
Candidate must have a proven track record of building and deploying analytical solutions that have resulted in material financial results and extensive management experience. Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment is critical. Must have exceptional organizational, project management and communications skills.
Desired Skills:
Solid knowledge of R, Java or Spark, and various commercial and model generation software
Should additionally have familiarity with other tools such as HUE, Hive, and other data gathering tools.Also, NLP and Image Recognition a plus.
Knowledge of Capital Markets and Managed Investment products including derivatives and alternative investments.
Programming skills to apply to data science / engineering projects, including:
Experience with analytical tools, machine learning / AI languages and algorithms (e.g., Python, MatLab, R, Julia, SQL, etc)
Knowledge and application of machine learning libraries and repositories (e.g., TensorFlow, Hadoop, Hive, Go, Sklearn, Spark preferred)
Knowledge of experimentation and statistical methods
Familiarity with AWS, GCP, Azure or similar platforms
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, multitask and adapt to changing priorities
Strong attention to detail and demonstrated ability to produce high quality, accurate work: your work will directly impact the advice we give to our clients!
Strong written / verbal communication skills
Can-do attitude, sense of ownership and a team-player approach.
Client Service oriented with the ability to strengthen relationships across Operations, Technology, Global Investments and other partners, working together to deepen client relationships
Strong Business English skills required
Quantitative background in in a technical field with a Graduate degree (Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Math, or related disciplines)
MS Office required
Python, R, and SAS programming required
Strong written and verbal presentation skills with an ability to communicate effectively with Senior Management
Ability to identify and seek needed information/research skills
Analytical thinking skills
Ability to interact collaboratively with internal and external customers
Capable of managing multiple and varied projects, including the ability to coordinate and balance numerous tasks in a time-sensitive environment, under pressure
Problem/situation analysis
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Econometrics, Operations Research or similar quantitative field required
Experience
0-2 years as Data Scientist or similar quantitative field required
Bachelors degree
1+ years of experience with one or more of the following tools: Data Gathering skills/tools (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, Teradata, SAS, Business Objects, etc.) OR Visualization skills/tools (e.g. QlikView, Tableau, WebFocus, etc.)
Masters degree with a strong background in data science
Strong collaboration and communications skills
Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills
Experience communicating findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners
Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create an implement an action plan
Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems
Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction
The candidate must show a proven ability in creative problem solving skills and be comfortable working in a highly dynamic, fast-paced environment. Candidate must be able to maintain high quality output levels while providing ad-hoc written and verbal support to internal customers and partner organizations.
The candidate must be highly proficient in Python, Data Management, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Access or other database engines. Working knowledge of military logistics is desired.
The candidate must be able to present analysis, results and methodology in order to feed the process of corrective action investigation on logistics and engineering issues. Candidate must be a self-starting, highly motivated, analytical, team player with leadership traits. Experience managing projects across multiple teams is a plus.
Military experience in supply chain management is a plus.
Skilled in Python, Tableau, SQL, .net, Java, JavaScript or other basic programming knowledge.
Hacker mindset, machine learning and text analytics skills
Bachelor’s degree obtained or equivalent experience1+ years of experience working in a big data environment integrating data and extracting insights from information across multiple platforms (SAS, Hadoop, SQL servers)1+ years of experience using SAS, Python, or similar software, for data management and analytics1+ years of experience working with predictive modeling and segmentationAvailable location for this role is Santa Ana, CAPreferred Qualifications:Degree obtained in Computer Science or StatisticsExcellent communication skills, both written and verbalExcellent presentation skills
M.S. with 2 years of experience, or Ph.D, in Statistics, Computer Sciences, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Physics, Molecular Biology or a related discipline.
Strong understanding of statistics as applied to data analysis and modeling
Experience using R for data manipulation, visualization and modelling.
Familiarity with large datasets, handling of healthcare relevant datasets and understanding of data analysis workflows.
Proficient with one or more programming language such as R, Python, or Java.
Strong working knowledge of data mining algorithms including machine learning techniques such as regression, decision trees, clustering, neural networks, Bayesian models.
Experience delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining.
This position can be based in Titusville, NJ, Raritan, NJ or Spring House, PA.
Experience communicating methods and results to business partners.
Experience working in a data warehouse environment with exposure to INFORMATICA, Redshift and Teradata.
Knowledge of health informatics, including familiarity with health outcomes databases (claim, EMR/EHR, survey, observation studies) and clinical trial registries.
Understanding of clinical data model/standards/vocabularies such as MedDRA, SNOMED, CDISC, CDM and RxNORM.
Experience building population statistics to compare to the prevalence of elements in the analysis dataset.
Knowledge and proficiency in at least one scripting language (R or Python preferred) and confidence in utilizing SQL to pull, filter, and sort data from databases.
Proficiency in applying statistical models to data and knowledge of other machine learning practices (regressions, classifications, clusterings, etc.)
A strong entrepreneurial mindset when it comes to your own learning path. You’re comfortable identifying what you know and have yet to learn, and actively work to close gaps in your knowledge and skill set.
Flexibility and willingness to change course, innovate toward new methods
Ability to present analytical data and strategic ideas in a clear, concise manner
A relentless drive to seek out feedback and incorporate it in an effort to improve both your understanding and related work products.
Excellent interpersonal communication and teamwork skills with ability to build trusting relationships and buy-in to drive results.
Comfort in managing multiple priorities that range in scope from high level strategic initiatives to data cleaning.
Undergraduate degree in STEM field or related discipline
Bachelor's or equivalent degree in Data Science, Mathematics Statistics, Operations Research, or Engineering Technology with an emphasis on Statistical Analysis and 1+ years of data science experience in mobile/digital analytics.
2+ year's experience with: SQL; statistical, machine learning, and Bayesian knowledge with statistical significance testing, A/B testing, and predictive analytics skills; data modeling, design, and architecture principles; data mining, clustering, and segmentation; scripting languages Python, R, PHP, JavaScript.
2+ year's experience building user behavior prediction using the following machine learning techniques: Linear regression; Lasso/Ridge; Logistic regression; Naïve Bayes; Decision tree; Random forest; Support vector machine; Neural network; Deep learning; K-Means; Clustering; Nearest neighborhood; and Logit.
Experience creating and optimizing campaigns for Facebook ads, AdColony, Unity Ads, Apple Search Ads, TV Advertising, and Google AdWords for a programmatic ad buying system.
Experience in a free-2-play mobile game company environment building automation services and working with Facebook APIs, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Web Services AWS, Lambda, EC2, Mobile Analytics, QuickSight, Kinesis, and Google BigQuery and big plus!
Undergraduate degree in Data Science or another quantitative field OR data/computer science bootcamp along with personal DS experience
Some background in software development(java, angular)
Work experience with Python and/or R
Experience with Agile, TDD, and VCS (we use git)
Independent personal projects
Big plus if you have experience with:
Scala
Spark
Kafka
Deep learning
Masters or PhD degree in quantitative discipline: Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Economics, or evidence of exceptional ability in related fields
2 year plus experience in quantitative analysis
Strong passion and curiosity for data and data driven decision making to solve complex business problems
Solid communication skill and acute attention to detail
Proficiency in SQL, R, and Python
Experience with Java, Tableau, Hive, Spark, MongoDB is a plus
Deep knowledge of applied statistics including predictive modeling, Bayesian statistics, Time Series analysis and Machine Learning
Experience and interest in data visualization techniques. Ability to convey complex analyses with the most efficient and intuitive visual methods
Ability in implementing data pipelines is a plus
Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field
2+ years relevant experience in predictive modeling and analysis.
Excellent communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills
Experience in building end to end data science solutions and applying machine learning methods to real world problems with measurable outcomes.
Deep understanding and experience with various machine learning algorithms, including deep neural networks, natural language processing, kernel methods, dimensionality reduction, ensemble methods, HMM and graph algorithms.
Solid data structures & algorithms background.
Strong programming skills in one of the following: Python, Java, R, Scala or C++
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and relational databases.
Experience with data visualization and presentation, turning complex analysis into insight.
Experience in setting experimental analytics frameworks or strategies for complex scenarios.
Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc.
Experience with manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality and unstructured data from varying sources
PhD in Computer Science or related field
Healthcare experience
Experience in Big Data processing technologies: Hadoop, Spark, Cosmos
Experience in Azure, AWS or other cloud ecosystems.
Experience in NoSQL databases.
Published work in academic conferences or industry circles.
BS/MS in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience
Experience with AWS Solutions, Data and Analytics tools and building data structures to support advanced analytic and research functions.
Expertise with both structure and unstructured data at Big Data platform setting.
Experience on database development, management and ETL at big data platform
Experience with analytic scripting R, Python and SAS and strong with SQL.
Knowledge of various data science techniques and experience implementing models developed with these techniques into production environment
Ph.D. in Statistics/Machine Learning, or equivalent
Excellent communication of statistical concepts to expert & non-expert audiences
Broad and up-to-date knowledge of machine learning models (and their performance characteristics) for classification and regression tasks
Specific experience designing and building machine-learning models
Fluency in at least one statistical coding environment (numpy/pandas, R, etc.)
Comfort coding in at least one non-statistical language (e.g. Python or Java, not R or Matlab)
Fluency in SQL
Production-level software engineering experience is a plus
Expertise in causal inference, experiment design, reinforcement learning, and related fields is a plus
Degree in economics, statistics, business analytics, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject.
1+ years of experience in Business Intelligence or Data Scientist - Analytics roles (candidates with substantially more experience are strongly encouraged to apply).
Experience with SQL and R/Python in dynamic business environments.
Ability to break down high level business problems into concrete analytical solutions.
Excellent communicator that can flow across a wide range of partners (product, engineering, sales, etc).
Nice to have skills and experience:
M.S. in economics, statistics, business analytics, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject.
ETL pipeline experience.
Experience with Tableau or other similar data visualization tool.
Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in an agile, dynamic startup environment
Experience with processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Experience with data analytics languages, including R and Python
Experience with using machine learning libraries, including scikit-learn
Knowledge of applied machine learning
Knowledge of data mining methods
Knowledge of using query languages, including SQL, Hive, Pig, and Spark
Knowledge of applied statistics, including distributions, statistical testing, and regression
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS degree
Experience with data visualization tools, including ggplot, d3.js and Matplotlib, and Tableau
Knowledge of machine learning and AI with techniques, including neural networks, recurrent, and convolutional networks
Ability to learn substance of research quickly and have the intellectual curiosity and dedication to master vast and complex subjects
MA or MS degree
Degree in Statistics/Biostatistics/Math/Business or a similar professional experience in a cross-functional data science role
Strong familiarity with basic statistical concepts such as confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, linear and non-linear regression
Experience using SQL to access/manipulate data and familiarity with database design
Experience using software e.g. (R, Python, etc.) to conduct analyses and create visualizations
Analytical in nature but able to translate your findings to a broader team
A knack for building rapport with people quickly and easily
A strong work ethic, entrepreneurial spirit and start-up mentality, with a "no task is too small" attitude
You take initiative to solve problems and get the job done
Strong cross-functional communication skills that help simplify and move complex problems forward with business partners
Self-motivated even when there’s no-one else around
Recent graduate in PhD in Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics or highly quantitative field (or equivalent experience) with strength in Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Statistical or other mathematical analysis.
Relevant coursework in modeling techniques such as logistic regression, Naïve Bayes, SVM, decision trees, or neural networks.
Deep learning experience with TensorFlow is a plus.
Strong understanding of algorithms and data structures.
Strong analytic and problem solving capability combined with ambition to solve real-world problems.
Results orientation with ability to plan work and work in a team
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Experience working with large datasets using tools like Hadoop, MapReduce, Pig, or Hive is a plus.
Ability to program in one or more scripting languages such as Perl or Python and one or more programming languages such as Java, C++ or C#.
Experience with one or more common statistical tools such SAS, R, KNIME, Matlab.
Publications or presentation in recognized Machine Learning and Data Mining journals/conferences is a plus.
Bachelor's degree in in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics or a related field
Research or work experience focusing on mathematics, data science or software development
Prior experience in quantitative analysis involving mathematical probability, stochastic calculus, Bayesian inference, time series analysis and machine learning
Academic or professional experience developing statistical or pattern recognition applications in MatLab, R, or Python
Ideally you will also be able to demonstrate:
Experience with statistical coding involving machine learning or pattern recognition especially in audio applications
An understanding of or interest in linguistics and conversational systematics
Application development experience in an advanced object-oriented language such as C++, Python or Java
BS/MS in a STEM field and 1+ years of industry experience working with data
Exceptional quantitative analytical skills and understanding of data science / machine learning methodologies
2+ years experience with R (Tidyverse preferred)
1+ years experience with SQL (PostgreSQL preferred)
1+ years experience with Python (Python 3 preferred)
Exceptional ability to understand and discuss highly quantitative subjects
Experience using Git or other DVCS
Knowledge of agile / Kanban processes
Entrepreneurial spirit and highly self-motivated
Excellent visual, written and verbal communications skills
Excellent teamwork and collaboration skills
Proficient with SQL and Hive for data manipulation and extraction
Experience working within Hadoop ecosystem
Proficient with Python programming language (2+ years) (matplotlib, scikit-learn, genism, nltk, jupyter, etc.)
Proficient with writing AI solutions and code (2 + years) preferably in tensorflow or keras (RNN, LSTM, Embeddings, )
Masters degree in Data science, Computer Science, math, physics or a related field, (Ph.D is a big plus)
Experience working with large sets of data
Experience with use of explanatory models to generate prescriptive insights
Willing and able to step in and engineer features when needed
Excellent communication skills: presentations, work in groups, writing tutorials and manuals
Deep understanding of the Relational Data Model: theory and practice
Proficiency in Python
Proficiency in MATLAB
Experience with data processing pipelines
Relational database design
SQL
Server configuration
OS experience: Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, RedHat/CentOS), MacOS, Windows
Research experience in computational neuroscience or other data-intensive science fields
Statistical analysis, signal and image processing
LabView
Shell programming, system-level coding
AWS
Docker
You get things done. Given a problem, you won't rest until you've found the answer.
You have a degree in a quantitative ?eld like science, math, economics, engineering or similar or industry experience working as a data analyst
You have excellent critical-thinking and problem-solving skills
You are thorough, detail-oriented and organized, with the ability to manage multiple parallel projects
You have entrepreneurial drive to initiate and drive projects and achieve stretch goals with minimal guidance
You want to learn. Becoming an effective data analyst requires learning the tools of the trade. We'll teach you how to use tools like Excel, SQL and R to not only analyze data to ?nd the insights you're looking for, but to visualize and present it most effectively for stakeholders to make decisions.
You want to make an impact. You don't just want to produce pretty tables and graphs; you want to understand what the results mean and how to utilize your ?ndings to make the best product/business decision possible.
You are a team player. You work not just to advance your own skills or ideas, but also to help the team and the business succeed. This means being open to feedback from others and giving it in return. It also means recognizing that the best ideas might not always be your own
BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
0-3 yrs of Software development experience
Experience in software development.
Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.
Master’s, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages: Java, C/C++, Python, JavaScript.
A thorough understanding of applied statistics including sampling approaches, causal modeling, time series analysis and data mining techniques
Experience in working with large structured and unstructured data sets
Fluency in the languages of data manipulation (e.g. SQL) and statistical analysis (e.g. R or Python/NumPy), with ability to code (e.g. PHP) a plus, Java, Ruby, Clojure, Matlab, Pig or SQL
Understanding of Hadoop, Hive and/or MapReduce
Natural Language Processing
Machine Learning
Conceptual modelling
Statistical analysis & Predictive modeling
Hypothesis testing
Strong academic record and a BA/BS degree with high mathematical and computing content (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or Physics)
Exceptional numerical ability and creative thinker/problem solver.
Experience using some of the major data science tools e.g. Python (preferable), and/or R
Organized, autonomous, and a drive / commitment
Excellent interpersonal skills: the candidate would be expected to work across and between existing teams.
Strong communication and presentation skills, including the ability to translate analyses to non-technical audiences.
Proficiency in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques e.g. k-means decision trees, neural networks, ensemble learning, etc.
Good working knowledge of PostgreSQL and understanding of data modelling and relational databases.
Experience of machine learning libraries e.g. scikit-learn, Tensor Flow.
Experience in feature engineering and designing robust model tuning approaches
Master's (Required) or higher degree in any STEM major, (or other graduate degree with equivalent experience) in statistics, bioinformatics, or related computational sciences with multiple publications demonstrating the use of or development of advanced image analysis principles and techniques
No industry experience is required as long as you are enthusiastic about becoming a SAS programmer.
Good problem solving, writing, and communication skills required. Excel and Word recommended.
willing to be relocated to NJ temporary for training purpose if no industry experience.
Demonstrated proficiency in the use of a broad spectrum of data processing, analysis software, and visualization tools including MS SQL, No-SQL databases, R, SAS, MATLAB, and Cornerstone viewer
Proficiency in the use of Python, PHP, and Java
Academic degree in data science, applied math, economics, Data Science, CS or a related discipline.
Knowledge of Perl, R, SQL and Python
Hands-on experience through coursework or internship
Excellent communication skills
Knowledge of tools and techniques in machine learning• Must have: Python (NumPy, pandas, scikit-learn): the existing projects are written in python, and they wouldn't want to start from scratch
Must have: SQL to query big query
Must have: Good Understanding of Distributed Computing using Spark (Preferably PySpark)
Must have: Good Understanding of Python and able to grasp ML Code
Must have: Good Programming Skills.
Preferred: Good Understanding of Machine Learning Concepts.
Preferred: Knowledge of Unit Tests
Preferred: Good Understanding of Cloud Infrastructure (preferably Google Cloud)
Batchelor's degree in a scientific or numerate discipline, e.g. Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Engineering
Experience in utilizing statistical models and analytical algorithms in software
Experience using Python, Java, R or another major programming language for data analysis, machine learning or algorithm development
Willingness to learn new technologies and an ability to effectively apply them
Capacity to quickly understand complex systems
Problem-solving skills (especially in data-centric applications)
Strong communication skills
Ability to manage and prioritize personal workload
Exposure to the handling of large, diverse, real-world data sets would be beneficial
Degree in economics, statistics, business analytics, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject.
1+ years of experience in Business Intelligence or Data Scientist - Analytics roles (candidates with substantially more experience are strongly encouraged to apply).
Experience with SQL and R/Python in dynamic business environments.
Ability to break down high level business problems into concrete analytical solutions.
Excellent communicator that can flow across a wide range of partners (product, engineering, sales, etc).
M.S. in economics, statistics, business analytics, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject.
ETL pipeline experience.
Experience with Tableau or other similar data visualization tool.
Fluent in Python (preferred) or R, capable of framing problems as programming tasks from the ground up, as well as working with existing code
Can use and understand geospatial/statistical/machine learning libraries in Python or R
Can work with and understand a wide range of geospatial data formats
Can use git for day-to-day version control
Strong knowledge of image processing and remote sensing
Knowledge of GIS concepts and experience with vector geospatial data
Can translate the results of complex analyses into interpretable results, visually and verbally
Able to create and execute their own tasks with minimal direction
Works well both as a team member and independently
Writes well-documented, maintainable code in a collaborative environment
Masters or PhD degree with a quantitative focus preferred
Substantive (1-2 years) experience in a software or technology focused environment
Some experience 6+ months with AWS, Google Cloud, or other large scale computing environment
Familiarity with these subjects are strongly preferred: digital agriculture, crop physiology, optical sensors, signal processing
PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistical genetics, cancer genetics, bioinformatics, statistics, computational biology, applied mathematics, or similar)
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms, and ensemble methods, such as: PCA, regression, deep neural networks, decision trees, gradient boosting, generalized linear models, mixed effect models, non-linear low dimensional embeddings and clustering.
Proficient in Python, SQL and Docker.
Experience with the following: Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, AWS and Jupyter Notebooks.
Experience working in a Linux / Mac and AWS cloud environments.
Outstanding programming and problem solving skills.
Self-driven and work well in an interdisciplinary team with minimal direction.
Thrive in a fast-paced environment and willing to shift priorities seamlessly.
Experience with communicating insights and presenting concepts to diverse audiences.
Strong peer-reviewed publication record.
2+ years full time employment or postdoctoral experience building and validating predictive models on structured or unstructured data.
Previous experience working with large transcriptome data sets.
Experience working with clinical and/or genomic data.
Kaggle.com competitions and/or kernels track record.
Experience with: Git, matplotlib, seaborn, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, D3, Plot.ly, Flask, Dask.
Experience in agile environments and comfort with quick iterations.
